fix(docs): content review (#1998)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/vpc-public-gateway-autoconfiguration/index.mdx

 
<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [configured your SSH key](/console/my-project/how-to/create-ssh-key/)

>   - You have created a [Instance](https://www.scaleway.com/en/virtual-instances/)

Author: ```suggestion
  - You have [created an Instance](/compute/instances/how-to/create-an-instance/)
```
